Let's look at Kinesis Data Stream producers and how they're
used to get data into a Kinesis Data Stream.
To recap,
there are a few commonly used tools to send
information into a Kinesis Data Stream.
We'll start by looking at the Kinesis Agent.
So what is the Kinesis Agent?
It's not an AWS service designed to collect elicit government intelligence.
Instead,
it's a Java application that's commonly installed on servers that
you would like to stream data into Amazon Kinesis.
The Kinesis Agent can be installed onto one machine,
or onto entire fleets of machines,
to stream logs directly from the machines into Amazon Kinesis.
The Agent has a variety of features to help make streaming log files into
Kinesis easy and avoid common pitfalls of doing it yourself.
Let's look at this in an example.
Let's imagine we have an application inside of a virtual machine on AWS.
In this case,
maybe it's an EC2 instance with our application installed inside of it.
We might have our application output log files.
Now, these log files would sit on our EC2 instance,
and we might otherwise have to send them in with some custom
script to a place we can monitor them.
Now, when we're using the Kinesis Agent,
we can actually send these log files to a file or to a file folder,
and we could use the Kinesis Agent to then pick up changes in those files and
file folders that we could send over to Amazon Kinesis.
Now, the Kinesis Agent can also take whatever the outputs of these files are,
for example, an Apache log format,
and if we wanted to transform it to another format,
we could do that.
Maybe if we wanted to move it over to JSON.
After the Kinesis Agent takes the output logs and potentially
transforms them into the format that we'd like,
it can send the data over to Kinesis as a Kinesis data record.
Now when doing so,
it can help us with our built‑in logic to help prevent
duplicates or data loss when we're using it.
This means we don't have to write all this code ourself
inside of a custom application in EC2.
So what are some of the log formats that the Kinesis Agent can handle?
It can change multi‑line files to single‑line files by removing new
line characters and leading and trailing spaces.
It can also transform formats,
like comma‑separated values or pipe‑separated values,
into JSON.
Really,
though, it can be used to transform a variety of delimiter‑separated
value formats by specifying the specific delimiter.
For in this case, we'd have commas, pipes,
or potentially things like tabs and other separators.
It also has the option to transform several different kinds of
Apache log formats or syslog formats to JSON.
So why would we use the Kinesis Agent?
To start,
you'll get built‑in performance benefits that might
be harder to optimize on your own.
You'll also get lots of built‑in functionality,
ranging from pre‑transforming the data file to watching and tailing
the file that you're using to store your logs.
And you'd have to build out all this functionality yourself if
you were using a more customized solution.
Another good reason to consider the Agent is that it will easily
integrate with Amazon CloudWatch to allow you to review all of
your different logs inside of AWS.
This can also help you set up metrics, alarms,
and a variety of other functionality that CloudWatch offers.
So now that we're a bit more familiar with the Kinesis Agent, let's look at another of the producers that we could use.